In this lecture, you'll learn about how to make the most of the course. So, I'm
logged into the course

here. It might look a little bit different from you because I'm logged in as the
instructor, but

it should be pretty much the same.

I'm on the course content tab here, and this is where you can see all of the
lectures.

First thing I should tell you about is that the first few sections are
theory-based.

The reason is that I need to give you the core foundational knowledge before we
go on to actually configure

the devices.

You need to understand that before you're going to understand what you're
configuring.

So, bear with me through the first few sections.

Like I said, that will build your core knowledge.

After that, we'll get on to the actual technologies.

You'll see me working at the command line, and then you can practice this
yourself in the lab,

but let me go down and show you what I mean there.

The way that the course is laid out is that I've got the theory lectures first
in each section, so I'll

explain what the particular technology is.

I'll also show you how it works in the lab as well.

So once you understand what it is, you'll also see how to configure it and how
to troubleshoot it.

So watch the videos first, and then you'll see at the end of every section that
I've got a configuration

lab.

These are lab exercises for you to actually do.

So, what you'll find in those lectures is there's a couple of PDFs. There's the
lab exercises, which are

the tasks for you to do in the lab,

and then there is the answer key that gives you the detailed explanation of how
to actually do it.

My labs are a little different than some others that you might see, and that I
don't give you step by step

instructions on what to do because if I do that, you're just following what I'm
telling you to do.

You're not really learning anything.

I give you tasks, and I don't tell you how to do it.

That's already been explained in the earlier videos.

So watch the videos, see what I do in the lab.

I then give you these lab tasks for you to do, and then you'll have to figure it
out yourself, and you're really,

really going to learn the technologies by doing it that way. As well as having
that 2 PDFs

with the exercises and the answer key, there's also the lab set up file in there
as well.

In the next section, I'll show you how to set up the lab.

You can run the lab for free on your laptop.

It uses Packet Tracer.

And in the next section, I'm going to show you step by step how to install it
and how to configure

it on your laptop.

So, you'll be able to get up and running with the labs in around 10 or 15
minutes, pretty much immediately.

Okay, so that's how to do the course. Do all the lectures from start to finish.
Watch the videos first

just as it's laid out, and then do the lab exercises as well.

In that way, you're going to get a really solid, deep understanding of the
technologies, and you're

also going to build the practical hands-on skills so that you can configure and
troubleshoot it as well.

Another thing to tell you in here as well that notice for all of the theory
lectures, there's also a downloadable

PDF here as well.

That's a PDF of sthe slides that I use,

and I deliberately make the slides in a human readable format, not just really
short bullet notes that

don't make sense without an explanation.

So the slides are maybe a little bit longer than what you're used to seeing, and
I know that's not

what you're meant to do in PowerPoint if you view any PowerPoint material, but
I've done it deliberately

like that,

and the reason is so that later when you're getting near to the exam date, you
can have a look at

those PDF and they act as flashcards. So if you're taking your own notes, you
can just review

that as review material, and it's going to get you ready for exam day.

Okay, so that was everything about how to go through the course. One other thing
to tell you here is

there's also other additional material on my blog. That is here at the Flackbox
blog.

So if you come in here and then go to Tutorials, and go to the Cisco Training
Videos section, you'll

see I've got loads of extra material in there. A lot of these are similar videos
to what I have in the course,

but this also includes a text description which gives you even more detail.

I also have a whole heap of other free resources on my blog as well.

Free training courses, free resources.

I'll be adding new Cisco resources in here as well.

So, have a look at the blog every once in a while and get those extra free
resources to help you

through the course.

Okay, the very last thing for me to point out

you is to come down here to the last section in the course where I tell you the
practice tests I recommend

to give you the best chance of passing on your first try.

Getting these is purely optional,

but if you are going to get them, it's best to get them at the start of the
course.

So then, you can test your knowledge as you go through the different sections.

So come down here to the last lecture

now, have a look at that, and then you can go back to where you left off at.

Thanks.